### Introduction to the RentalCal Project

The project RentalCal - European Rental Housing Framework for the Profitability Calculation of energetic Retrofitting Investments is a research project carried out by 11 institutions in eight European countries (2015 – 2018). Over a project duration of 3 years, the participating markets for sustainable modernisation were analysed and compared. The results of the project were used for reports and the creation of a tool for evaluating the profitability of energy modernisation projects. The results are especially relevant for real estate owners, housing companies and housing associations, property managers, municipal administrators and energy consultants. RentalCal facilitates with the implementation of energy modernisation measures for rented residential properties by providing basics and tools for the calculation of the economic efficiency and thus contributes to the achievement of the EU climate targets. All results are freely accessible and can be viewed on the following website: http://www.rentalcal.eu.

The RentalCal Profitability Calculation Tool presented here (hereinafter also referred to as "Tool") is a major result of the RentalCal project. The web-based software enables a structured and comprehensive economic efficiency calculation in connection with planned energy modernisation measures in rented housing construction. After recording (input) the respective input parameters and framework conditions of the relevant investment, the tool user receives a comprehensive analysis with regard to the economic advantage of the measure (output). This supports decision-making. Both quantitative and qualitative results are presented. The tool is versatile: In addition to owners and investors, it also supports (energy) consultants, politicians and other groups of players such as property managers and associations in the housing industry.
