### Privacy

The RentalCal Tool can be started from any common **internet browser** (Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Apple Safari, etc.). The choice of browser can influence the **final display** on the screen, but that also depends on the screen resolution and display settings. This may result in slight **discrepancies** between the illustrations in the user manual and the display on your screen.

Note: In order to ensure full functionality of the tool, **pop-ups** must be allowed in the browser and **Javascript** must be enabled. To prevent unauthorised access to your profile, the user logon system uses a PHP-based session model. The model is known from online banking and prevents, among other things, where you can access a user's private area by simply entering an Internet address ("URL"). **The use of the browser's back button can lead to problems and should be avoided**. Logging off after finishing work prevents other users of the same computer from accessing your private area by accessing the saved browser history. A session is automatically terminated even after some time without user activity.

The RentalCal Tool or RentalCal Consortium does not request or archive any **personal or other meta-information/data**. Only your **e-mail address** will be requested for statistical reasons in order to inform you about important changes to the tool. Your e-mail address will not be used for advertising purposes or passed on to third parties. The RentalCal Tool does not store, process or pass on the entered data, both input and output. Therefore, please back up your data on your **own storage medium** (PC, laptop, tablet, USB stick) as neither the RentalCal Consortium nor its members have the possibility to recover your data in case of loss.
